1.Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. –Napoleon Hill

2.Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. –Albert Einstein

3.Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.  –Robert Frost

4.I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. –Florence Nightingale

5.You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. –Wayne Gretzky

6.I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. –Michael Jordan

7.The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. –Emelia Earhart

8.Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. –Babe Ruth

9.Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. –W. Clement Stone

10.The past is a ghost, the future a dream. All we ever have is now. –Bill Cosby

11.Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. –John Lennon

12.We become what we think about. –Earl Nightingale

13.Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover. –Mark Twain

14.Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. –Charles Swindoll

15.The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. –Alice Walker

16.The mind is everything. What you think you become.  –Buddha

17.The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. –Chinese Proverb

18.An unexamined life is not worth living. –Socrates

19.Eighty percent of success is showing up. –Woody Allen

20.Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. –Steve Jobs

21.Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is. –Vince Lombardi

22.I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. –Stephen Covey

23.Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. –Pablo Picasso

24.You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. –Christopher Columbus

25.I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. –Maya Angelou

26.Either you run the day, or the day runs you. –Jim Rohn

27.Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. –Henry Ford

28.The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. –Mark Twain

29.Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. –Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

30.The best revenge is massive success. –Frank Sinatra

31.People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily. –Zig Ziglar

32.Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage. –Anais Nin

33.If you hear a voice within you say “you cannot paint,” then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. –Vincent Van Gogh

34.There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. –Aristotle

35.Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you. –Jesus

36.The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. –Ralph Waldo Emerson

37.Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined. –Henry David Thoreau

38.When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me. –Erma Bombeck

39.Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.  –Booker T. Washington

40.Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. – Ancient Indian Proverb

41.Believe you can and you’re halfway there. –Theodore Roosevelt

42.Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. –George Addair

43.We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. –Plato

44.Teach thy tongue to say, “I do not know,” and thous shalt progress. –Maimonides

45.Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can. –Arthur Ashe

46.When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  
I wrote down ‘happy’.They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life. –John Lennon

47.Fall seven times and stand up eight. –Japanese Proverb

48.When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us. –Helen Keller

49.Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. –Confucius

50.How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. –Anne Frank

51.When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. –Lao Tzu

52.Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. –Maya Angelou

53.Happiness is not something readymade.  It comes from your own actions. –Dalai Lama

54.If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on. –Sheryl Sandberg

55.First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end. –Aristotle

56.If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. –Latin Proverb

57.You can’t fall if you don’t climb.  But there’s no joy in living your whole life on the ground. –Unknown

58.We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained. –Marie Curie

59.Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. –Les Brown

60.Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. –Joshua J. Marine

61.If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. –Booker T. Washington

62.I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. –Leonardo da Vinci

63.Limitations live only in our minds.  But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. –Jamie Paolinetti

64.You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame. –Erica Jong

65.What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. –Bob Dylan

66.I didn’t fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong. –Benjamin Franklin

67.In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. –Bill Cosby

68.A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. – Albert Einstein

69.The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. –Chinese Proverb

70.There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. –Roger Staubach

71.It is never too late to be what you might have been. –George Eliot

72.You become what you believe. –Oprah Winfrey

73.I would rather die of passion than of boredom. –Vincent van Gogh

74.A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. –Unknown

75.It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings.  –Ann Landers

76.If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money. –Abigail Van Buren

77.Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. –Farrah Gray

78.The battles that count aren’t the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself–the invisible battles inside all of us–that’s where it’s at. –Jesse Owens

79.Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance. –Sir Claus Moser

80.I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear. –Rosa Parks

81.It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. –Confucius

82.If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough. –Oprah Winfrey

83.Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. –Dalai Lama

84.You can’t use up creativity.  The more you use, the more you have. –Maya Angelou

85.Dream big and dare to fail. –Norman Vaughan

86.Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. –Martin Luther King Jr.

87.Do what you can, where you are, with what you have. –Teddy Roosevelt

88.If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten. –Tony Robbins

89.Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. –Gloria Steinem

90.It’s your place in the world; it’s your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live. –Mae Jemison

91.You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try. –Beverly Sills

92.Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. –Eleanor Roosevelt

93.Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. –Grandma Moses

94.The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. –Ayn Rand

95.When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. –Henry Ford

96.It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years. –Abraham Lincoln

97.Change your thoughts and you change your world. –Norman Vincent Peale

98.Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. –Benjamin Franklin

99.Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, “I’m possible!” –Audrey Hepburn

100.The only way to do great work is to love what you do. –Steve Jobs

101.If you can dream it, you can achieve it. –Zig Ziglar

102.Life is all about trying to find out the hidden fun inside you and whatever you're doing..You'll always remain satisfied  - Unknown

103.I've loved her not for the way she danced with my angels, but for the way the sound of her name could silence my demons.

104.Our fate lives within us, we just need to be brave enough to see it 

105.Its hard to wait around for something you know might never happen; but its harder to give up when you know its everything you want.”  

106.Good things come to those who wait… greater things come to those who get off their ass and do anything to make it happen.” 

107.Dont be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone..  

108.Go where you are celebrated – not tolerated. If they can’t see the real value of you, it’s time for a new start.” 

109.“Forget all the reasons it won’t work and believe the one reason that it will.” 

110.“I am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. Its because of them I’m doing it myself.” 

111.What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.

112.Challenge yourself with something you know you could never do, and what you’ll find is that you can overcome anything. 

113.If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.

114.The best way to predict the future is to invent it.  

115.You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.

116.“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” – George Lorimer

117."Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.” 

118."Expect problems and eat them for breakfast."

119.“Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” 

120.“Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.” 

121.Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all

122."You never know what you don't know, until you finally know it.” 

123.Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.

124.Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets. So love the people who treat you right and forget the one that don't and believe that everything happens for a reason.

125.If you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said that it'd be easy, they just promised it would be worth it. 

126.The most curious thing one should be eager to find ,is about thyself --Unknown

127.Perhaps imagination is only intelligence having fun.

128.

129.

130.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here's what helps for me, collected over a lifetime.

1. "Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. I'm convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did. You've got to find what you love. And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it." -- Steve Jobs

2. "If you wait, all that happens is you get older." -- Larry McMurtry

3. "I think for it to be hip to be idealistic is weird, you know? I mean, even all the best rebels to me, had some sense of hope in them." -- Tom Petty

4. "There is no remedy for love but to love more." -- Henry David Thoreau

5. "I've always run by the hierarchy of 'If not funny, interesting. If not interesting, hot. If not hot, bizarre. If not bizarre, break something." -- Jon Stewart

6. "I went for years without finishing anything. Because, of course, when you finish something you can be judged." -- Erica Jong

7. "Between grief and nothing I will take grief." -- William Faulkner

8. "What is life? It is the flash of a firefly in the night. It is the breath of a buffalo in the wintertime. It is the little shadow which runs across the grass and loses itself in the sunset." -- Crowfoot

9. "Gambling is not a vice. It is an expression of our humanness. We gamble. Some do it at the gaming table, some do not. You play, you win, you play, you lose. You play." -- Jeanette Winterson

10. "Don't worry, and don't kick yourself forever. Just take the opportunities when they come." -- Bob Diamond in "Defending Your Life," written by Albert Brooks

11. "We must hold in our minds these utterly contradictory thoughts: not one of us matters at all; each of us is infinitely precious." -- Jane Emily Bowers

12. "Sometimes a player's greatest challenge is coming to grips with his role on the team." -- Scottie Pippen

13. "All journeys have secret destinations of which the traveler is unaware." -- Martin Buber

14. "There is a land of the living and a land of the dead and the bridge is love, the only survival, the only meaning." -- Thornton Wilder

15. "I would rather be ashes than dust! I would rather that my spark burn out in a brilliant blaze than it be stifled by dry-rot. I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. The function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days trying to prolong them. I shall use my time." -- Jack London

16. "As you begin to live according to your own guidance and your own daring everything changes completely." -- Leonard Willoughby

17. "The best training is to read and write, no matter what. Don't live with a lover or roommate who doesn't respect your work. Don't lie, buy time, borrow to buy time. Write what will stop your breath if you don't write." -- Grace Paley

18. "People always say to me, 'When you get to the NBA, don't forget about me.' Well I should've said back, 'If I don't make it to the NBA, don't you forget about me.'" -- William Gates

19. "Because that is when you love somebody -- when you see them being game in the face of the worst. Not courageous. Not heroic. Just game." -- Philip Roth

20. "He leans over and takes her hand. With the other he touches her face. 'You your best thing, Sethe. You are.' His fingers are holding hers." -- Toni Morrison, "Beloved"

21. "You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take." -- Wayne Gretzky

22. "When life gives you lemons, just say, 'Fuck the lemons,' and bail." -- Chuck in "Forgetting Sarah Marshall," written by Jason Segel

23. "Look within. Be still. Free from fear and attachment. Know the sweet joy of the way." -- Dhammapada, "Words of the Buddha"

24. "I am a writer who came of a sheltered life. A sheltered life can be a daring life as well. For all serious daring starts from within." -- Eudora Welty

25. "A moment comes when the true self reveals itself. That moment comes when you are willing to be unconditionally present in the imperfection of this moment. A simple change of attitude; instead of chasing after perfection, you allow a total and profound surrending to the imperfection of the moment." -- Tyohar

26. "And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom." -- Anais Nin

27. "It is not the level of prosperity that makes for happiness but the kinship of heart to heart and the way we look at the world. Both attitudes are within our power so that a man is happy so long as he chooses to be happy, and no one can stop him." -- Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn

28. "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined." -- Thoreau

29. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." -- Christian D. Larson

30. "Every day, think as you wake up, today I am fortunate to have woken up. I am alive. I have a precious human life, I am not going to waste it, I am going to use all my energies to develop myself, to expand my heart out to others, to achieve enlightenment for all beings, I am going to have kind thoughts towards others. I am not going to get angry, or think badly about others. I am going to benefit others as much as I can." -- H.H. The XIVTH Dalai Lama

31. "Watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you, because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in the magic will never find it!" -- Roald Dahl

34. "Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. Look at the sunny side of everything and make your optimism come true. Think only of the best, work only for the best, and expect only the best. Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future. Give so much time to the improvement of yourself that you have no time to criticize others. Live in the faith that the whole world is on your side so long as you are true to the best that is in you!" -- Christian D. Larson

35. "There is a peaceful place inside that welcomes you. A space so safe, so still, that there is no forward or backward -- only the eternal flow of the present moment. Entert his place where the truth of your being resides and appreciate who you are." -- Rusty Berkus

36. "Every single person has within an ocean of pure vibrant consciousness. Every single human being can experience that -- infinite intelligence, infinite creativity, infinite happiness, infinite energy, infinite dynamic peace." -- David Lynch

37. "I find that when we really love and accept and approve of ourselves exactly as we are, then everything in life works." -- Louise Hay

38. "The only real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes." -- Marcel Proust

39. "One of the few things I know about writing is this: spend it all, shoot it, play it, lose it, right away, every time. Do not hoard what seems good for a later place in the book or for another book; give it, give it all, give it now." -- Annie Dillard

40. "It's always been my philosophy: Turn the page. If something falls through, turn the page. It's over with, get used to it, get on with it. Very simple. It's always worked for me." -- Merv Griffin

41. “Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.” -- Rumi

42. "Hold fast to stars. Hold fast to the elusive, the intangible, the never to be had; for stars fall from heaven sometimes, and kings are born in barns, and miracles rise out of little things." -- Anonymous

43. "Happiness is like a cat. If you try to coax it or call it, it will avoid you. It will never come. But if you pay no attention to it and go about your business, you'll find it rubbing against your legs and jumping into your lap." -- William Bennett

44. "To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children; to earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; to appreciate beauty, to find the best in others, to leave the world a little better whether by a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition; to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived, this is to have succeeded." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

45. "I salute you! There is nothing I can give you which you have not; but there is much, that, while I cannot give you, you can take. No heaven can come to us unless our hearts find rest in it today. Take Heaven. No peace lies in the future which is not hidden in this present instant. Take Peace. The gloom of the world is but a shadow; behind it, yet, within our reach, is joy. Take Joy." -- Fra Giovanni

46. "And now here is my secret, a very simple secret; it is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye." -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery

47. "Life is so generous a giver but we, judging its gifts by their covering, cast them away as ugly or heavy or hard. Remove the covering and you will find beneath it a living splendor, woven of love, by wisdom, with power. Welcome it, grasp it, and you touch the angel's hand that brings it to you. Everything we call a trial or a sorrow or a duty, believe me that angel's hand is there, and the wonder of an overshadowing presence. Life is so full of meaning and purpose, so full of beauty beneath its covering, that you will find earth but cloaks your heaven. Courage then to claim, that is all." -- Fra Giovanni

48. "The state of self-realization, as we call it, is not attaining something new or reaching some goal which is far away, but simply being that which you always are and which you always have been." -- Sri Ramana Maharshi

49. "The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible." -- Arthur C. Clarke

50. "We cannot change life! We can only change the way we live life. Any moment is the best moment, and any place is the best place." -- Tishan

51. "I feel what they feel. And people who listen to me know that, and it makes them feel like they're not alone." -- Nina Simone

52. "Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time? My greatest regret is how much I believed in the future." -- Jonathan Safran Foer

53. "I have accepted fear as a part of life, specifically the fear of change, the fear of the unknown, and I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back, turn back, you'll die if you venture too far." -- Erica Jong

54. "When my master and I were walking in the rain, he would say, 'Do not walk so fast, the rain is everywhere.'" -- Shunryu Suzuki

55. "Writing enters into us when it gives us information about ourselves we are in need of *at the time that we are reading.* How obvious the thought seems once it has been articulated! As with love, politics, or friendship: readiness is all." -- Vivian Gornick

56. "Never let go of that fiery sadness called desire." -- Patti Smith

57. "Buy the ticket, take the ride." -- Hunter S. Thompson

58. "The proper response to conflict, whether it lies within us or without us, is disengagement." -- Brian Browne Walker

59. "What a wonderful life I've had! I only wish I'd realized it sooner." -- Sidonie-Gabrielle Colette

60. "You don't get to choose how you're going to die. Or when. You can only decide how you're going to live. Now." -- Joan Baez

61. "Question: Since you are here to remember who you are, why have you forgotten? Answer: Perhaps you have lived another’s dream and not your own." -- Rusty Berkus

62. "If we could read the secret history of our enemies, we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility." -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

63. "Lose faith. Pray anyway. Persist. We are made to persist, to complete the whole tour. That's how we find out who we are." -- Tobias Wolff

64. "I had discovered that a person does not have to be this or be that or be anything, not even oneself. One is free." -- Walker Percy

65. "When a person begins to yell during an argument, it is a tip-off that he is unsure of himself." -- Ann Landers

66. "I said this to my daughter, if you don't practice the guitar, when you get older you wouldn't be able to play it. It's that simple. If you want to play the guitar, you put a half hour in everyday, but you have to do it." -- Woody Allen

67. "Healing is a small and ordinary and very burnt thing. And it's one thing and one thing only: it's doing what you have to do." -- Cheryl Strayed

68. "I'm beginning to think that maybe it's not just how much you love someone. Maybe what matters is who you are when you're with them." -- Macon Leary

69. "As you begin to live according to your own guidance and your own daring, everything changes completely." -- Barbara Marciniak

70. "If you are called to be a sweet sweeper, sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. Sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, 'Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well.'" -- Martin Luther King Jr.

71. "In the middle of winter I at last discovered that there was in me an invincible summer." -- Albert Camus

72. "You see I'm trying in all my stories to get the feeling of the actual life across -- not to just depict life -- or criticize it -- but to actually make it alive. So that when you have read something by me you actually experience the thing. You can't do this without putting in the bad and the ugly as well as what is beautiful. Because if it is all beautiful you can't believe in it. things aren't that way." -- Ernest Hemingway

73. "I've seen a jillion miracles. They're all around. Every green leaf is a miracle." -- Jimmy Dean

74. "All I ask is that you do your best, and forget the rest." -- Tony Horton

75. "The thing I try to get across to the writers -- and I do a lot of writing, too -- is that when I do stand-up, nothing I talk about is funny. Everything is really sad and tragic and then I make it funny." -- Chris Rock

76. "Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make big choices in life. Because almost everything -- all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure -- these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart." -- Steve Jobs

77. "I actually started to think a lot about the difference between a creative gesture and a noncreative gesture. I decided that all gestures were creative. Because you always have to make a decision at some point." -- Andrea Zittel

78. "A lot of people enjoy being dead. But they are not dead, really. They're just backing away from life. Reach out. Take a chance. Get hurt even. But play as well as you can." -- Maude in "Harold and Maude," written by Colin Higgins

79. "Drop all ideas of achieving in meditation, just do it naturally; what happens happens on its own. One day, effortlessly, everything starts happening by itself." -- Osho

80. "I see the notion of talent as quite irrelevant. I see instead perseverance, application, industry, assiduity, will, will, will, desire, desire, desire." -- Gordon Lish

81. "You make one good friend a summer ... and you're doing pretty well." -- Tripper Harrison in "Meatballs," written by Len Blum, Dan Goldberg, Janis Allen & Harold Ramis

82. "Don't be like me. Be better than me. That's the goal." -- Michael Jordon

83. "Do you want me to tell you something really subversive? Love is everything it's cracked up to be. That's why people are so cynical about it. It really is worth fighting for, being brave for, risking everything for. And the trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more." -- Erica Jong

84. "As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being." -- Carl Jung

85. "Marry somebody you love. That's the whole thing. And continue to love them." -- Charlie Daniels

86. "Nothing is always absolutely so." -- Theodore Sturgeon

87. "If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion." -- The Dalai Lama

88. "How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives." -- Annie Dillard

89. "Life is not orderly. No matter how we try to make life so, right in the middle of it we die, lose a leg, fall in love, drop a jar of applesauce. In summer, we work hard to make a tidy garden, bordered by pansies with rows or clumps of columbine, petunias, bleeding hearts. Then we find ourselves longing for the forest, where everything has the appearance of disorder; yet we feel peaceful there." -- Natalie Goldberg

90. "The test of a work of art is, in the end, our affection for it, not our ability to explain why it is good." -- Stanley Kubrick

91. "I try to live my life in such a way that I don't have any regrets. That's probably why I work so much. I don't want to feel I missed something important." -- Philip Seymour Hoffman

92. "Because I'm not beaming with a radiant smile every two minutes, then I'm lonely and waiting for my hero? Well, guess what? I'm not waiting for my hero. I'm my own hero."

93. "Every great idea is on the verge of being stupid." -- Michel Gondry

94. "How I became a better writer was that I kept writing." -- Sallie Tisdale

95. "The relationship that counts most in my life is the one I have with myself. I have a great, great, great relationship with myself, and it gets better and better as I get older. The other day, I was talking to Barry in the car and I said, 'I'm so glad I'm me!'" -- Diane von Furstenberg

96. "The most terrifying fact about the universe is not that it is hostile but that it is indifferent; but if we can come to terms with this indifference and accept the challenges of life within the boundaries of death -- however mutable man may be able to make them -- our existence as a species can have genuine meaning and fulfillment. However vast the darkness, we must supply our own light." -- Stanley Kubrick 


97. "It's in the act of having to do things that you don't want to that you learn something about moving past the self. Past the ego." -- bell hooks

98. "A psychologist said to me, there are only two important questions you have to ask yourself. What do you really feel? And, what do you really want? If you can answer those two, you probably can leave your neuroses behind you." -- Harold Ramis

99. "The writer must be in it; he can't be to one side of it, ever. He has to be endangered by it. His own attitudes have to be tested in it. The best work that anybody ever writes is the work that is on the verge of embarrassing himself, always." -- Arthur Miller

100. "Well, in retrospect, what it came down to was that I would not allow myself to be defined by other people, white or black. It was beneath me to blame anybody for what happened to me. What happened to me was my responsibility. I didn't want any pity. 'Leave me alone, I'll figure it out.' I was very wounded and I was very dangerous because you become what you hate. It's what happened to my father and I didn't want it to happen to me. 
      His hatred was suppressed and turned against himself. He couldn't let it out -- he could only let it out in the house with rage, and I found it happening to myself as well. And after my best friend jumped off the bridge, I knew that I was next. So -- Paris. With forty dollars and a one-way ticket." -- James Baldwin

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~I’m selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can’t handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don’t deserve me at my best.” ? Marilyn Monroe

~ You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching,
  Love like you’ll never be hurt,
  Sing like there’s nobody listening,
  And live like it’s heaven on earth.-  William W. Purkey

~You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.- Mae West

~A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.- Elbert Hubbard

~Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.- Mahatma Gandhi

~I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.- Maya Angelou

~To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.- Ralph Waldo Emerson

~To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.- Oscar Wilde

~Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.- Bil Keane

~That which does not kill us makes us stronger.- Friedrich Nietzsche

~God does not create a lock without its key & God does not give you problems without its solutions - TRUST HIM.

~Life is too short to start your day with broken pieces of yesterday, it will definitely destroy your wonderful today and ruin your great tomorrow.

~Mistake is a single page of life but relation is a complete book. So don’t lose a full book for a single page

“It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.” 

“Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.” 

“When someone tells me "no," it doesn't mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.” 

“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.”

“You'll never get ahead of anyone as long as you try to get even with him.” 

“When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.”

“You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose.”

“The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it.”

“Get going. Move forward. Aim High. Plan a takeoff. Don't just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won't happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you'll love it up here.” 

“Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.”

“Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?” 

“It's not that some people have willpower and some don't... It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.” 

“The road to success is always under construction”



#!/usr/bin/python

import math

num = raw_input ("Enter the number: ");
sqrt_num = math.sqrt(num)

for first_fact in range(2,sqrt_num):
    if num % first_fact == 0:
        second_fact = num / first_fact
        print "Number is %d and its factor are %d and %d" % (num,first_fact,second_fact)
        print "Hence %d is not Prime Number",num
    else:
        print "Number %d is Prime Number",num